Where is my money box?
The servant vaguely heard something at the door last night
You're going to transfer him?
So that money should be
Ah!
God, how could I do such a ridiculous thing?
That's the money I've saved up for more than half a year
I'm counting on it to get out of the palace or not
No way.
I have to go get it back
Emperor
Say
King Qi is back
You let the subordinates investigate the matter
As you expected
The lady in the cold palace
Memory loss before entering the palace
It is said that it is to refuse your marriage contract
Caused by hitting the head on the pillar
Would rather hit a pillar than marry me
No wonder he stayed in the cold palace for so long
He never asked to see me
Hmm, that's it.
amnesia
I don't want to fight for favor in the harem
Just let her go
Just pitiful
Her maid little star
Xiaoxingzi
How
According to the investigation,
There is only one dowry maid by Shen Xingyao's side
It's called The View.
There are no little stars
No little star
At least until she entered the palace
There is no such person around
But if she takes in a distressed eunuch or palace maid after she enters the palace
It's not impossible
Does the emperor need his minister to investigate this person again?
Emperor
King Qi asks to see you
OK